# Terms & Conditions
By downloading or using the game, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the game. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the game, any part of the game, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the game, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the game into other languages, or make derivative versions. The game itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Frankensoft.

The Taxi Cat game stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the game secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Taxi Cat game won’t work properly or at all.

You should be aware that there are certain things that Frankensoft will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the game will require the game to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Frankensoft cannot take responsibility for the game not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the game outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the game, or other third party charges. In using the game, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the game outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the game, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the game.

Along the same lines, Frankensoft cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the game i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Frankensoft cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to Frankensoft’s responsibility for your use of the game, when you’re using the game, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Frankensoft accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the game.

At some point, we may wish to update the game. The game is currently available on Android – the requirements for system (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the game to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep playing the game. Frankensoft does not promise that it will always update the game so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the game when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the game, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the game, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

Changes to This Terms and Conditions

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at macris.constantine@gmail.com.
